# phone-shop
Introduction: This website will display some popular mobile phones for users to place orders, facilitating their online shopping. It provides a search function to enable users to directly find the products they need. Basic shopping cart and payment functions are also available. There is also a contact function to facilitate communication between users and developers for website improvement. A discount section has been developed to directly present the benefits to users.

Member responsibilities: ZHONG XIANGYU is responsible for the HTML part. he will first build the framework of the entire website, fill in all the product information, develop all the functions, and leave space for the later JS part. LUO YILING is responsible for optimizing the layout and typography of the entire website, as well as choosing appropriate fonts to make the website look more beautiful.And write the data products using JavaScript, and call the data for each product. ZHANG MENGRU will handle the user registration and login part as well as the The contact section for users and developers through JS. DING XIAOYUE will handle the product search and shopping cart sections through JS to provide users with a complete purchasing experience

Usage instructions: After opening the website, log in or register an account first. Then, you can browse the desired products or directly search for the desired item in the search box. By entering the format of "brand_model", you can easily find the corresponding product. After selecting the product, you can either add it to the shopping cart or make the payment immediately. If you have any further questions, you can contact the developers.
